---
title: Business Brains
description: blah blah blah
status: published
---

# You Are The Business

As a human, all your value stems from your experiences in this world, the
learnings, the problems overcome, the joy lived; the memories of these stored in
your brain then communicated through some medium like speech.

Transplant your head and you inherit a body; The body is just transportation for
your head, the head is just protection for your brain, your brain is just
storage for memories of your experiences.

Any successfull business you can think of is just one or more great brains
amplified through systems that mimic their decision making processes.

Let this sink in; A business is just a collection of systems built to mimic
decisions made by a brain(s). So when you say, "I want to start a business", what you are really saying is "I think my brain has some good ideas and "

Protect your brain; it is EVERYTHING! It defines you, it expresses you, it
aligns you, it guides you, it operates you, it shapes you, it breaks you, it
builds you, it makes you, it projects you, it blames you, it critisises you, it
foresakes you, it changes you, it challenges you, it directs you, it is you

To "HELP" is also subjective, evolution is slow by design; the human
technilogical explosion is unatural to biology; our meatsacks aren't designed
for the hyper-connected, chemically gamified world that we live in today.

We can fly through the sky in a few hours to a new country; summon anyone via a
portal in your pocket that allows you to be in two places at once; harness
particals from the sun as energy and send it through wires to power our pleasure
toys. Instant gratification lives in our pockets, an escape from reality; the
antidote for your pain; _brain_ "There's no need to suffer, I know what you
need, we've been down this path before; yes!"

Technology is basically magic, no wonder your brain is confused, it doesn't know
the difference between the tiger in your cave or the tiger on your screen; it's
just the operating system deciding should I release this chemical "yes/no",
ignorant that chemical shapes your life, aware you have choice; brain listen to
brain "yes/no"?. Much of life is binary choices, if you understand which choices
matter, and what consiquences you can live with, you will win.

The incredibly smart engineers who created the transistor in the 1960s
understood this, a tiny on/off switch ("yes/no") spawned the computing
revolution by enabling humanity standardise and outsource insignificant,
predictable "yes/no" decisions to machines. Transistor powered computers running
binary 0/1 ("yes/no") software ushered in the digital age that drives the magic
you see and take for granted every day.

All this magic from two choices; "Yes" or "No". Yet the power is actually in the
decision consistency and how efficiently it is made. The only thing stopping
humanity from outsourcing ALL decisions is trust; if we can trust the medial
robot will kill an acceptable percentage less people than a real surgeon, it
will happen.

Say this out loud and let it sink in;

"I am my BRAIN; my BRAIN wants me to suffer less NOW, to listen means I may
suffer longer tomorrow, if I suffer today, tomorrow I may not; but that is a
choice for tomorrow"
